[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How are time and space
portals used in the geometry
of creation?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode, we will
explore how time and space
portals are created and how
they work in the universe.
When the spiritual
mind of the universe
started to bend itself in order
to create the ether and all
the energetical paths
and enlightenment
of the process of ideas,
all the construction
of this mental reality
starts to duplicate itself,
like bend itself, into
different realities,
and to show the positive and
negative structure of the self.
This combination of
mirrors, of ideas,
of positive and negative
realities in the spiritual mind
start to create the channels
in which the connection
of the ideas is going to flow.
This construction is what we
call the nodes of information,
and in the middle
we have the neurons
that connect all this data.
We have to imagine the
mind of the universe
like we are in our brains.
All this conjunction of
cells that we call neurons,
connecting by positive and
negative flux of energy,
transmitting data information as
bigger the network is created,
expands more information.
So we needed more spirits,
more synapses, more connections
around, and from one
spot to another one,
they would charge off all this
energy to see the reflections.
This creates the idea
of a pattern that
will storage information in
some dots of the universe
and some of those
mirrors, and that spark
of information going through
the lines of time and space,
the structures that are created
by vibration that we call
the ether, and this energy
would move through these lines
that we will call, like,
the path through evolution.
And the nodes would be the
points of transcendence
of the evolution.
This structure would be
created in the pattern
of a tetrahedron.
Point A would be the
negative, the inside.
Point B would be the outside.
And then, we have
the point C, which
would be the point to
observe all the path that you
have done.
So from the point A to B,
you would express yourself.
To the point C, you would
experience everything.
And then you would have to
seek the other point, which
is the fourth one, the
point D, which will show you
the integration of the whole
pattern, everything that you
have expressed in this pattern,
and then everything you have
experienced in this pattern.
And then, you will
have another one
to show you the reality
of the whole pattern.
And then, you go to the
core to create a new one.
So the three patterns
that create the experience
and expression plus the one
creating the integration of all
of it, they all meet
together in the core,
creating the transcendence.
All the spirits begin with
this tetrahedron pattern,
with this shape.
And this is called
the main structure
of the universe in which every
portal through time and space
is created.
When we have the main seed
of creation, what we do now
is to multiply it by thousands
and millions of them,
creating the patterns
around the creation.
And they multiply the process
into many and thousands
of expressions, so every
spark, every period
that was created from
the source could express,
could experience
this same pattern
and transform this pattern
into other paths of evolution.
So the main seed started
to spread all these seeds
to create more trees.
And all these trees would
create new universes,
new dimensions, new realities.
The main seed that contains the
pattern of our whole process
will create the statements
in which every being would
be able to go from the
mind to the experience
in a physical form,
in a physical shape.
That is why one of
the tetrahedrons that
is created will also make
a path to the outside,
creating a point A to point
B. So positive and negative
would create two tetrahedrons
spinning, creating
this new path within.
And this new path within
would create the being.
These two patterns would
create the cube outside itself.
And this cube would create
the new seed of creation,
what we call the octahedron.
This octahedron will be
breathing and expressing itself
into the icosahedron.
And the icosahedron
would express itself
until we have the dodecahedron.
So these first five
structures of the universe
gives us every one of the most
important steps of evolution
and the storage of every
mirror and every information
that we accomplish in evolution.
This means that every node
of the geometrical structure
would represent a core of
surging energy and surging
reflections of the main spark.
And every one of the lines
that connects all this geometry
would be the
processes that we have
to take in order to have
all this amount of energy
and information from the whole
perspective of time and space.
That's what we call a portal.
A portal is the place where
all the connections and path
of evolution goes
through it and to it
and are reflected in
between time and space.
Those are the spots that connect
the tetrahedron, octahedron,
cube, icosahedron,
and dodecahedron
in the same places.
Every shape of the
universe that is created
from these main
structures are connected
through those spots that
are the mirrors of reality.
This creates the main structure
through where the spirits
can live and can experience
every reality even
if they are light, dark, even
if they are ether or matter.
Doesn't matter in which part
of the universe you are.
All the portals
or all the paths,
all the lines that you
have to take to evolve
are exactly the same in
different levels or vibrations.
These different
paths will always
be the same ones in
different dimensions.
So even if you are lost
in these realities,
you would see the portals
towards the connection
of the main information.
So from the higher levels
of knowledge, of vibration,
of connectivity in the
mind of the universe,
you will find that these
main structures of geometry
are the ones that
we call the path
or portals towards realities.
These portals bend
time and space.
So every one of the mirrors
that stores the information that
was reflected in the lines
in the path of geometry,
they could be all together
connecting different paths.
So every being that
are taking those paths
towards the evolution,
they could see each other
from different perspectives
in just one core.
These mirrors start to
divide itself in many shapes
through these portals.
So the portals start to be
reflected in many thousands
of sparks around the universe.
It's like putting just
one light or a candle
in this labyrinth
or hall of mirrors.
As many dots you have in the
reality, many mirrors you have.
So the first light, the only
light in the whole labyrinth
is reflected in
many different ways.
This is the
structure to find how
every mirror, every pattern
that we call a portal
is a path towards the
first spark of the spirit.
Portals are the connection
between the synapses
of the universe.
Nothing really is real.
Everything that we know
is just a projection
of the sixth dimension
that was projected
from the seventh dimension
from the network in
the eighth dimension
and the divine in
the ninth dimension.
So nothing really exists.
Everything is just a
projection hologram
of these mirrors
that are reflecting
the process of awareness.
All this network of
neurons in the mind
of the universe, the only
thing that they are doing
is to put all the
energy that they
are storing from the
experiences in just one spot.
So this main pattern
will teach us
that all the paths
in the universe that
are created that are
projected from the ether
to the material worlds
are all the structures
of the portals that reflect
every truth around us.
And if we find those portals
around the creation, what
we could do is to see ourselves
reflected into many dimensions.
So all the projection
of the universe
are all portals that
reflect just one reality.
And that is why
everything that exists
is just like this Russian
doll in which you just open
one reality and another one.
And you can see
that you are a part
of all of those other beings.
That there's no separation
in the universe.
That every being you could know
in the universe-- archangels,
angels, guides, high
masters, the ascended masters
in the fifth dimension-- all the
beings that you could possibly
imagine are just a different
projection of yourself
through portals.
This is the mirror
system of the universe.
So when you find a portal
in the planet in yourself
in the universe, you
will reach the path
towards every line of evolution.
So all the lines in the
structure of geometry
would be aligned
in just one spot.
And that means that
suddenly if you
are the spot of a
tetrahedron, you
will see three lines
coming from you.
So these three lines
coming from you,
you could know as future,
past, and present.
And this structure of
three lines coming from you
could be three different lives--
a life you had in the past,
a life you are having now,
and life you will
have in the future.
And the three of them
are a path of evolution
that are charging
information to your heart.
And they are connected
to your heart.
So whenever you
reach this portal,
and you are able to
see through the portal
all these times and spaces that
are projecting from yourself,
you are able not only
to see those realities,
but also to travel
through those realities.
The portals are the realities
that connects every dimension.
So when the time and
space of every dimension
bends itself to create
all the path of evolution
into one idea, all this
process of one dimension
goes into another dimension,
like bending itself
from within to outside, like
a flower growing from a plant
and opening into
the other reality.
And then dying again to become
the minerals that the plant
needs to create more flowers.
This pattern that goes out and
in, out and in in the core,
we have the information of
these lines filling with data
to these portals.
So all these portals that
we created in the first time
in the sixth dimension, were
born from the five structures
that we know as the
platonic solids.
These structures would
create the first patterns
towards opening the
other dimensions.
And from them, we would create
every shape and every portal
in the universe.
That's why we also have these
projections in our stars.
Stars are the biggest
portals because everything
came from them, and
everything goes back to them.
All the information
of the experience
and of the expression of
a star comes back to here
so it could be integrated
and transcended
in another level
of consciousness.
So every star is a portal.
And when we have a
code in those stars,
we will find the constellations.
Constellations are
the other portals
that we can see in the
skies that allows us to go
through one dimension to other.
The constellations are
the physical portals
that we see in the universe.
And from the point
of view of Earth,
we have the positive
and negative
of the portal in the physical
way of light through the stars.
When you see the stars, you
are seeing the positive energy
of the universe, which is
the aspect that en-lights
itself and creates the matter.
But what allows
that matter to exist
is the network that is within,
so the negative aspect, which
is the space between the stars.
The positive aspect
of the portal
is the one that brings you to
this reality, to the expansion.
And the negative one, the
space between the stars
is the one that takes
you to the core.
So that's why the space, the
black part of the sky at night,
is the one bringing you to
the truth and not the stars.
This is something that
ancient people knew.
So they were not
counting the stars.
They would count the
spaces between the stars
so they could see and reach
the core of their reality.
That is why we have positive
and a negative aspects
in the universe-- the one going
within, the one going outside.
So physically, we have the idea
that the stars are guiding us
to the light.
And the space between is
taking us to the dark.
But from the perspective
of a fifth dimension,
it's totally opposite.
It's like having a photograph
but in the negative.
We can see the whole
space like light
and the dark spots are the
doors that we call stars.
This is how we see the universe
in the fifth dimension.
And from the third
dimension, we can
see the light in the portals
and the negative structure
that holds the reality
in the dark spot.
When a civilization starts to
grow and realize about itself
being a part of time and space
and being bounded by time
and space, they realized that
if they connect their own heart
with the heart of the
star, what they would reach
was to open a portal
through the doors of reality
so they could go
inside these realities
and travel through time.
That is why most of the aware
beings in the galaxy, they
don't travel through space.
They just go to the
portals of reality.
They open this
portal by vibration.
And they just go inside of it.
And from there,
they can see, touch,
and talk with every dimension.
Every reality in
the universe has
a portal within that
you feel, that you see.
Every reality that is around
you is created through a portal.
And this main portal
that is within, for us,
it is in our heart.
These main portal holds a
whole pattern of holograms
that create us from this spark.
Every line that we
have in our bodies
are bounded and
created by this portal.
So everything, every
cell, every being
has a portal through
where you can
connect with every dimension.
So that's why not
only the portals
are in the stars and the
systems in the galaxy.
But they are also even in our
houses, in our own bodies.
Whenever you are ready
to contact those portals,
you can talk, listen, the higher
beings from other dimensions.
When you start to listen,
your higher self, your guides,
your archangels, angels, other
beings from other dimensions,
it's not because they are
trying to contact you.
It's because you got the
amount of energy needed
to open a portal within you.
And that makes you
feel and listen
the truth that is in other
levels of consciousness
of yourself.
That is why usually we
feel, listen, and remember
the dimensions and
the information
from other levels of the
universe through the heart
and not through the mind.
On Earth, we have many
portals because a sphere
has the perspective to see
and open every portal around.
We have the ethereal portals
and also the physical ones.
The ethereal ones
modify the matter
so the matter has the
portals in its own structure.
We can find these portals
around our planet.
For example, in the
highest mountains,
in some islands lost in
the middle of the ocean,
in the structure of the
plateaus of every continent.
So all the realities
that we know,
every continent that
is created, is just
a projection from the
hologram of these portals
from other dimensions.
Ancient cultures tried
to reach those portals
and use the information
through the lines that
connect these portals and
align the portals of Earth
with the portals of the
galaxy in the constellations.
That is why they tried to look
for the energy of the planet
of every portal in the planet,
build the structures to hold
the energy and to harvest the
energy of the planet aligned
with the portals of the stars.
That is why the
stars were built here
as pyramids with the shapes
of the portals of the stars,
but using the energy of
the portals from the Earth.
These would open the doors
in between every dimension
here in the third dimension
and also in the ethereal ones.
These two connections
with the network
around are the structures that
created the main connection
to the mind of God.
So when we realized that
everything was connected
through these five
shapes, and the portals
were the nodes where all
the lines of the geometry
were connecting, so we realized
that they were the mirrors
to see ourselves in
different dimensions.
We realized that in order to
travel to different dimensions,
we needed to see
ourselves within.
And that was this
projection that
helped every species to
travel through time and space.
Those species that were not
aligned with the self that they
had not alignment
with the heart chakra,
they were not able to go through
these portals because they
cannot connect with every
line-time of space and time.
So it was nature itself
prohibiting and banning
some species from going
through the portals
by the vibration
they had itself.
This is like the labyrinth of
the universe protecting itself
from the evil, protecting
itself from the destruction
of the same systems.
So whoever is not aligned
with the heart chakra it's not
aligned with the portals
of time and space
and the only reason why the
heart chakra is the only one
is because everything
in the universe
is connected by the heartbeat.
Everything in the
universe is a pulse
that has a rhythm
through time that goes
through the vibration of space.
So whoever is not connected
with the pulse and rhythm from
the heart cannot go through
all these lines and all these
portals.
That is why the
structures of the portals
push us to be created, to be
molded by personalities that--
with information of
all these portals.
The constellations
surrounding us
are molding us so we can
work harder and to find
this perfect vibration
and perfect rhythm
through the heart.
So that was the main goal
of our civilizations,
to find the beat of the
heart, to find the clock that
helps us to find the
perfect amount of frequency
to go through these portals.
Whoever reached the
portal of the heart
can reach every portal
and go through every spot
in every geometry in
the universe finding
the first spark, which is
the self, which is God.
Right now for humans, it's
important to understand
how this works, how the
universe is connected
through these portals of reality
because the planet is trying
to connect itself with the self,
with the understanding of who
it is.
And that means that
we, its neurons,
are more wide open
right now by vibration,
by frequency to be contacting
beings from other spheres,
from other cells,
from other bubbles.
So that means that
each one of us
are opening portals
within to listen
to voices of our self
in different realities.
And we have been 12,000
years disconnected
from those spheres, so
it's important for us
to know how the
portals of the universe
work so we could
understand that we are
the conjunction of
the time and space;
that we are our own portals
and that if we open our heart
chakra, we would be allowing
the download of the information
of every dimension
that we call realms,
but that really is ourselves
in different dimensions.
So this is why you
need to understand
that there are no higher
beings apart from you.
That every being in the
universe is just a shape of you,
another vibration of you.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will uncover
how the time and space
portals in our galaxy
created assorted star systems.
[MUSIC PLAYING]